The Glaze-Pop Studio FAQ List
What are cake pops made of at The Glaze-Pop Studio? The cake pops are made out of a variety of cake flavors, melted down almond bark chocolate and a variety of sprinkles and oil based food coloring. 
Are The Glaze-Pop Studio cake pops homemade? The cake pops are box made cake pops made in the glaze-pop home bakery.
Are cake pops made fresh for each order at The Glaze-Pop Studio? Yes every order comes with fresh made cake pops.
What flavors does The Glaze-Pop Studio offer? Most standard flavors will be offered at The Glaze-Pop Studio. If you have a specific flavor you are wanting, please reach out and we can see how we can accomodate. 
Can I choose multiple flavors in one order from The Glaze-Pop Studio? All orders can come with multiple flavors. 
How big are The Glaze-Pop Studio cake pops? The cake pops are designed to be in the shape of a popsicle. Measurements are approximately 0.1 x 0.1 x 0.1 inches. 
What makes The Glaze-Pop Studio cake pops different from store-bought ones? The cake pops from The Glaze-Pop Studio are hand crafted pops. The can be designed to fit in with your specific theme of event. They also provide more cake than standard cake pops. 
Do you offer gluten-free or allergen-friendly cake pops? While we would love for this to be an option for our customers, at this time we are not able to accommodate. This decision will be under continuous review to serve all of our customers. 
Do cake pops need to be refrigerated or frozen? Once your order is picked up, we do recommend keeping in a cool enviroment. Cake pops can of course be displayed but please avoid direct heat and sunlight as this can cause the product to melt. 
How long do The Glaze-Pop Studio cake pops stay fresh?
Can cake pops sit out at room temperature during events? Cake pops can be displayed. We do however recommend sitting a few out at a time to avoid any melting mishaps. 
Do cake pops hold up in warm weather? No cake pops will not hold up in warm weather. It is recommended to keep them in a cool to cold environment. Warmer air can cause melting.  
Can I customize colors for my cake pops from The Glaze-Pop Studio? Yes, you van customize to your event theme.
Can cake pops be designed to match my party theme? Yes
Can I request custom designs or decorations? We are open to discussing the designs you want your Cake pops to have. 
Can I mix and match designs in one order? Yes
Can I add sprinkles, drizzle, or glitter designs? Yes
Do you offer themed cake pops for events like birthdays or baby showers? Yes, we can offer cake pops for any specific event you are having. 
Can I request specific cake flavors and coating combinations? Yes
Will my cake pops look exactly like my inspiration photo? We do try to match your cake pops to your inspiration. however we can not guarentee an exact replication. 
What if I don’t know what design I want for my order? We have standardized designs we are happy to offer still in your color theme. 
Does The Glaze-Pop Studio offer seasonal or trending designs? As time evolves we plan to evolve with it. If you have a specific idea we are willing to discuss ideas with you. 
Can I order cake pops from The Glaze-Pop Studio for gender reveal parties? Yes
Do you make cake pops for baby showers and wedding showers? Yes
Can I order cake pops for birthday parties? Yes
Do you handle bulk or large event orders? Yes we only do bulk ordering.
Do you make cake pops for school events or community events? There will be times where we attend craft shows and offer single cake pops. If a school or specific community event wants to order we are open to the idea.
Can The Glaze-Pop Studio help me choose quantities for my event? Yes
What cake pop designs work best for gender reveals or baby showers? We have standard chocolate lines we can do on cake pops or a marble effect. If you want something specific on your cake pops we can discuss the design.
Can you help plan matching dessert themes for my event? Yes
How do I place an order with The Glaze-Pop Studio? You can email us or you can go to our website to submit a request form. 
What information do I need to start an order? We will need to know how many cake pops you need, cake flavor, color you would like the cake pops to be and if you have a specific theme. 
What happens after I send my order request? Once you send your order request we look to see if we are available for your date you need the cake pops by. Once we have reviewed all information someone from our team will reach out to you to collect your deposit for the order and go over specifics.
Do you confirm orders before starting them? Once we collect your deposit that is our way of confirming your order. You will get an email the week of your event to confirm for a second time that you still need the cake pops. 
How far in advance should I order from The Glaze-Pop Studio? We require all orders to place 60 days in advance. 
Can I change my order after I submit it? It depends on what exactly you are wanting to change out your order. Please reach out and we can let you know if that specification can be changed. All orders are final and procceed as is 2 weeks before pick up date. 
What if I’m not sure what I want yet? We are always here to help walk you through the process and brainstorm ideas with you. Please feel free to reach out. 
Do you accept last-minute or rush orders? No, all orders must be placed 60 days in advance. 
Are you available year-round and during holidays? Yes
What payment methods does The Glaze-Pop Studio accept? We accept Venmo, Cashapp and Cash. All deposits must be paid through Venmo or Cashapp however. 
Does The Glaze-Pop Studio require a deposit? Yes
Why do you require a deposit to secure an order? Yes
Is the deposit applied to my total order? Yes
Is the deposit refundable if I cancel? No
What happens if I cancel my order? All orders canceled will not recieve a deposit back. We can move it to a later date and have it applied. If you just want to cancel we can but no refund is available. 
When is full payment due?
Do large orders get discounts? No
Can I get a price estimate before ordering? Yes
Does The Glaze-Pop Studio deliver cake pops or use meet-ups? We only do meet up locations for our and customer safety. 
What is a local meet-up with The Glaze-Pop Studio? We can discuss a meet up location that is fair for both sides. 
Where do meet-ups take place? In well populated areas for saftey procation. 
Can I choose my meet-up location? We can discuss the meet up location so both parties are satisfied. 
Are meet-up locations safe and public? Yes
What happens if I’m late to pickup? We are willing to wait up to 1 hour at the meet up location. Anything past that will get a late fee. 
Can I change my meet-up time after booking? It depends on if you are changing the day or the time. We are willing to work with our customers but please know cake pops take time. 
Do you meet in bad weather conditions? We will meet in sunshine, wind and rain. If we recieve snow it will be on a case by case decision for our saftey and yours. 
Does The Glaze-Pop Studio serve Amherst, VA?
Do you serve Charlottesville, VA?
Do you serve Waynesboro, VA?
Do you serve Harrisonburg, VA?
Do you serve Nelson County, VA?
What towns near Amherst does The Glaze-Pop Studio serve?
Do you serve small towns between Charlottesville and Waynesboro?
Can I order cake pops if I live outside Amherst?
Do you serve rural areas in Central Virginia?
How far does The Glaze-Pop Studio travel for orders?
Is there a delivery radius for The Glaze-Pop Studio?
Can I order if I’m 30–60 minutes away from Amherst?
Do you meet customers halfway for cake pop pickups?
Do you adjust pickup locations based on distance?
Can I coordinate meet-ups based on my location?
Do you meet in central locations between cities?
Do you travel for large cake pop orders?
Do you accept customers from surrounding Central Virginia towns?
How long does it take The Glaze-Pop Studio to complete an order?
How will I know my order is on schedule?
What happens if The Glaze-Pop Studio is fully booked?
Can I request updates during my order process?
What happens if there is a delay with my order?
How should I store cake pops before my event?
How long do cake pops last once made?
Can I transport cake pops easily?
Do The Glaze-Pop Studio cake pops melt in heat?
Are cake pops safe to leave out during parties?
Who owns The Glaze-Pop Studio?
Where is The Glaze-Pop Studio located?
What is your baking philosophy?
What is The Glaze-Pop Studio’s ethics policy?
Are all cake pops made by hand?
Do you follow food safety practices?
What happens if I need to cancel my order?
What if I don’t like my order?
What if I can’t make the meet-up time?
What if something goes wrong with my order?
Do you send updates during the order process?

